docs(readme): improve readme (#11)
sapphire-project/utilities: packages/decorators/README.md

<div align="center">

![Sapphire Logo](https://cdn.skyra.pw/gh-assets/sapphire.png)

# @sapphire/decorators

> Useful TypeScript decorators for Sapphire Framework Discord bots</h4>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Useful TypeScript decorators for Sapphire Framework bots.</h4>
```
Anybody looking at this would likely know that Sapphire is for Discord bots

[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@sapphire/decorators?color=crimson&logo=npm&style=flat-square)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sapphire/decorators)
[![Depfu](https://badges.depfu.com/badges/11bbf7392987e6fd51fc6559e1d42dfc/count.svg)](https://depfu.com/github/sapphire-project/utilities?project_id=15201)

</div>

## Description

> Decorators can add a lot of functionality through very minimal code. This package provides some common decorators to be used in projects using the [Sapphire Framework][].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Decorators can add a lot of functionality with very minimal code. This package provides some common decorators that can be used with projects using the [Sapphire Framework][].
```

## API Documentation

For the full API documentation please refer to the TypeDoc generated [documentation](https://sapphire-project.github.io/utilities/modules/_sapphire_eslint_config.html).

## Buy us some doughnuts

> Sapphire Project is and always will be open source, even if we don't get donations. That being said, we know there are amazing people who may still want to donate just to show their appreciation. Thanks you very much in advance!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sapphire Project is and always will be open source, even if we don't get donations. That being said, we know there are amazing people who may still want to donate just to show their appreciation. Thank you very much in advance!
```
